that could warm you in the winter okay
you can't do more than just look at that
ultimate luxury your mom got you that's
beautiful
all right check it out guys it's Trevor
James we just got off the train here and
Ipoh Malaysia this is an ultimate Food
City domestic travel is back in Malaysia
after lockdown for three months and I'm
so excited because today we're meeting
up with a good buddy mark from simply
enough and we're going for a full-on
Street food tour let's check it out guys
here we are guys we're just rolling out
of the train station we are gonna go
meet our buddy mark and his girlfriend
Rachel hey buddy we are here and before
we knew it
mark was taking us around beautiful Ipoh
famous for its bean sprouts and it's
chicken for four incredible Malaysian
street foods you're gonna love the foods
in this video so make sure to watch all
the way until the end to enjoy them all
with us let's eat here we are guys mark
is bringing us oh yeah famous chicken
rice and bean sprouts yeah and it's
right here and it's it's one of the
anchor in this area they've been around
for quite a while go check it out stop
anyhow huh oh and we just got invited in
yeah yeah we huh show huh oh and this is
the bean sprouts going in look at that
wow that is the signature secret of Ipoh
and they're all grown right here yeah
right here bro it's a mixture of the way
to grow it they have a bit of spring
water and
water bringing water and limestone water
and that gives it an extra yeah the
minerals and this is so exciting we just
put the train directly from Kuala Lumpur
to try these bean sprouts Tiffani moment
on you John oh and the bean sprouts they
go right into the blanch here Wow just
for a few seconds and then right on the
plate and we're gonna watch how it gets
made
young yo yo yo whoa
and then the white pepper look at that
and then the green onion Wow can't you
like a cheetah and they just go right
out to the Congress tumors next
specialty so this is the quail was right
into the cauldron yeah there's two types
either you can have it dry or soup so
the drive with a bit of Java soy sauce
oh and then they just come right out and
they go in the bowl there and it's just
served with the chicken broth chicken
broth and then little white pepper and
then here's the og Tom teat on the
chicken now yeah yeah let's take a look
we got a bucket full of free-range
chicken free-range chicken going right
into this giant cauldron Wow and they
just come right out of their ice yeah
and they brine it yeah and then they go
right into that cauldron look at this
he's just selecting the chickens and
he's gonna be hanging them up in his
window and it's just really all about
that pure chicken flavor it's gonna be a
simple dish he's just hanging them up
right here boom so this is the bean
sprout chicken and he's just laid down
the cucumbers and then here comes the
slice magic lob and can't see light I
out your left and what's the secret to
making this you have to press a
blanchett yeah so
that's when you get this stuff oh look
at that it's all about that skin and
meat combo yeah bring onion oh and then
here's the secret sauce young Roma
Hyosung yo there's the chicken this is
what we came to April for that is the
bean sprout chicken on a first blanchett
right yeah the Blanchett and also they
get you know the stock going in and that
stops being used to make some of this
the broth so that's coming for that
chicken oh so it is and the into the
sambal yes today Oh meat chili homemade
chili for a bit of garlic ginger oh wow
and that's what I love about Malaysia is
the mixture of sambal how's that chicken
oh that chicken is incredibly aromatic
it's just pure chicken flavor enhancer
to light and dark scary and the sesame
and the pepper
oh and this is the real seeker right
here yeah this is about five to six days
old after soaking okay and why is it fat
because of the minerals that they used
to soak so it's either from what I
understood is a mixture of
limestone water as well as spring water
oh that's a good combination cheers
buddy Wow
you will never take the bean throw in
the whole world like that there's so
much junk to it the frisbee got that
light soy little sweet pac-man it's got
the pepper yeah yeah yeah and then that
sesame gives it that extra bit of
nuttiness yeah next up okay we do
something wrong yeah you notice that
it's slightly thinner oh yeah yeah and
it's silky and they loaded it with the
chicken you got Rob and a bit of a soy
sauce that brothers Saudi very complex
they usually add a bit of prawns in it
really yeah so it's mixture of meat oh
that's where the complexity is from yeah
[Music]
yeah was delicious and well we're going
for more yeah man and next up mark is
bringing us to a super unique Chinese
tandoori oven biscuit you need to see
this and right up here mark is bringing
us to a special Chinese and Dory biscuit
right yeah yeah and it's right up here
okay so we've just walked into the
ultimate German Bing Jean being fragrant
cookie biscuit factory production line
here oh and this is making the pea did
you throw the pea oh and watch this guys
the all-out ban is just starting to make
the P the skin for these German Bing
fragrant you're mopping every single one
is the exact same size that is a skill
that takes decades to experience we've
got the bottom the Shui pea made with
water and this is the yo p on top which
has more oil in it so the top is going
to have more oil and the bottom skin has
more water so the side you placed onto
the
door is different yeah wow this is pure
sesame and you can actually see the
sesame seeds in there here come look at
that coming right down into the flower
and wrapped up in the bang oh and this
is the sweet syrup water that she's
adding on top look at that that is fine
here's the sesame mat is speed there
they are look at that all covered in
sesame oh and here we go they're gonna
go right in the oven and here comes the
cold guys love bond is putting in
coconut husk into the oven to start it
up and that is gonna give it a small
natural flavor
whoa it's gonna be stuffed with being
Wow it's completely full of coconut husk
that could warm you in the winter okay
you can't do more than just watch
coconut in there you can cuddle off oh
and here's the Bing here we go this is
show called dosha show gong tour that
today oh they're going in Chinese
tandoor just like naan bread except with
a sesame Bing can'tcan't or door
shopping
Wow and there we go look at that just
getting pulled off this Bing tray here
and they're going right into that oven
one by one and he's got a full palm of
these being you can smell that yes SME
and I love how they coated it with the
syrup on the outside so it's gonna get
that glazy
caramelize data and right and the other
Ben is just rocking the tandoor here
look at this Wow Nikko the chicken dish
on Yama Sasha onion Wow I'm 20 in line
20 other I've been 32 years of
history here and you can see it in the
masterfully created and placed germ
upping the Shang Bing
there it is Oh and the other man is
getting ready his gloves are going on
we're gonna watch the on sticking of
these Bing here we go there they are
look at the golden crisp eNOS whoa Wow
and they just come right out and they
are sorted and sold and you can see it
is a total factory production of being
here we've got the power couple creating
yeah these things when they did take a
lighting grape and the trim on the
shower is gonna be so good and there we
go
almost finished completely aromatic
they're just coming out one by one from
this beautiful tandoor that's a full
tray and they have saved a few of these
beautiful being for us here look at this
guy's we've waited actually about an
hour forty minute an hour for them to
cool down because that could just burn
your mouth let's take a look on the
inside
oh that's the sesame yeah Wow shut out
buddy yes mm-hmm
wow that sesame oh look someone stuff
like this sweet fruitiness to it and I
guess yeah yeah exactly
Wow honey infused with sesame yeah
that's like the perfect combo with a
salty sweet sesame honey and smoky flaky
all together in one goodness beautiful
special our van
hi hi Charla justice Yen house any man
sets a tent that was delicious and I
can't believe lovin gave us that as a
gift one peg one pack let's keep going
yeah - yeah and next up before going to
the most extreme seafood crab dinner
mark is bringing us to the most unique
Malaysian Indian Chen doll desert and
evil made with the most fragrant and
unique syrup that you need to try next
up we are going for the old
three cool down desert yeah it's been
really hard we've been eating now it's
time to cool down with some really good
chin though let's check it out you can't
just keep him pimping it let's get the
most do I - yes please
oh and this is it so the gendell is a
classic Malaysian Street desert made of
shaved ice oh and here comes the ice oh
yeah breaking out here oh and here we go
there it is
and then here comes the magic let's see
how it's made
oh and here's the pan down Kelly and I'm
jelly right on the ice Wow looks good
and here comes that glutinous rice looks
good doesn't it oh yeah oh look at that
sweet corn Oh kidney beans kinds of
kidney beers like oh and then the real
secret Mikula the palm sugar syrup right
here whoa look at that
Oh - fixer oh look at that yeah mom box
it up coconut milk done suntan whoa
that's creamy thank you Timothy and
there it is so we added in those beans
append Anjali the corn whoa yeah with
your rice is good sit up wow that's
delicious and boss is so friendly yeah I
love the flavor it's yeah and salty air
milky and one thing that might not look
like it works is the beans and the corn
and all the sticky rice but it really
does and I think living in Malaysia you
can you can have that everywhere yeah
it's actually a good combo the beans
their sweet 16 mega 18 things 1/8 so
Bastien was just explaining to us that
the gula melaka sugar syrup actually has
18 ingredients inside ingredients it
gives it an extra kick of aroma it's
like really complex yep
and of course that's his secret recipe
yeah and palm sugar is just one of the
18 and even used
thank you we're gonna keep going let me
go and last up finish up the night we're
bringing you for the ultimate crab feast
with six monsters cook three ways you're
gonna love this crab and here we are
guys we are at restaurant macking on lot
crab house and we are here nice and
early because we've ordered six big
monsters that are gonna take some time
to prepare they are so many those are
[Laughter]
it's they've been around for a long time
as you can see all this dirt they've
been hiding for sometimes they even have
barnacles on it wow this is legit II
thank you very much we just got invited
up to the kitchen to see the cooking of
these giant crabs let's go Wow and here
we go we're going up whoa going in the
huh Oh hand oh look how big these are
wow that is beautiful right in the walk
sounds of barbecue drive who is going on
look at that boom and we just stepped
into the ultimate crap kitchen take a
look at this oh and we're gonna make the
chili crap look at that guy's chili
nacho nacho Juan and the crabs going
right in boom look at that ultimate
luxury and salted eggs look at that
whoa salted egg and butter and look at
how it just turns into this cream yeah
creamed above oh oh look at the bubble
that is beautiful car we leave goes
there Oh curry leave and then the crab
goes it up oh my goodness
tossing it up with a little seasoned
there it is look at that extreme creamy
salted egg some corn oh and some corn
biscuit crumble oh and then crumbled
biscuit and we've got the full-on crap
station here yeah man Oh row I'm getting
hungry yeah and there it is salted egg
crap Wow right on that serving tray look
at that you can smell that crea salted
egg and the butter yeah and there's the
final process look at this whoa and
there it is the salted egg crap just one
of our six and we got the mantle over
here as well oh and here's our chili
crab it's getting thicker
Jukka should come tight oh these guys
are true masters of the crab yeah man oh
and then egg Oh an egg yes and there it
is our chilli crab look at this sauce
coming out Wow that is pure beauty
little green onion on top and there it
is that's our chili crab chili crab
smells fantastic it really smells bad
I'm pretty sure it tastes in the Box so
good all right here walk skills just
watch the master at work and then you
come right out yeah Wow
you can smell it just pure smoky
barbecue nuts here comes the chop boom
that is satisfaction right there
and look at these claws boom that's it
whoa and look at this serving of this
beautiful barbecue crab oh and here's
the final process the lid that top of
the crab right on top just your mom got
you that's beautiful look at the hose
you can really smell that smoky barbecue
aroma and he's just making a clay pot
here for us with garlic
and the crowds going in the clay pot we
got so many crabs going on tonight look
at that there's glass noodle in it they
have garlic their chili and cilantro
going in and spring onion ring onion you
know and then the lid goes on all right
finish finish call on me oh my goodness
oh there it is let's go eat let's go get
you some real crazy shoes there it is
guys look at the color that's just one
of six that's the clean part these are
the barbecue barbecue crap once they've
done processing it you'll put it into a
wok they'll add water and they'll stop
boiling it until the water dries out and
they stop barbecuing it inside in the
wok and basically cooking it within its
flavor itself and then right here we've
got that salted hey yeah
salted egg crap so basically butter
there Jeremy and curry leaves curry
leaves as well make sure of curry and
salted egg yeah watching how creamy it
was yeah yeah
yeah and the next thing we got that
chili can write all right yeah look at
that chili sauce this is a Malaysian
Singapore thing signature Malaysian
Special T and then one more over and
then the last one is the clay pot fun
fun okay basically glass noodle so this
crap is now sitting on a bed of glass
noodle there's really cooked in some
stock pork yeah steamy garlic and chili
let's go for a crab popsicle and we have
to stand up to reach it so far oh
there's so many things popsicles ready
to eat
this is Ipoh guys you gotta come to
Malaysia to eat oh she's ready to pop oh
this is legit oh that is some of the
best crab you'll ever eat it's just a
natural sweetness from the flesh hmm
turn the lazy susan and try this
ooh that chilli crab we should just take
a claw again yeah this is the popsicle
night
non-stop crab popsicle so this is the
Malaysian sweet and sour chilli crab yes
oh it's just glistening sweet and spicy
and sour yeah all in one all right
oh and I just took half the flesh off
the bottom
I'm an ultra-light yes any Wow a chunk
yeah okay next up we should try the clay
pot and the salted egg what we're right
I'll go there for the clay pot and I'm
gonna go salted eggs look at that
you just gotta pull it out you don't
want to break it you all perfect pull
buddy Oh real nice just period of
creaminess from eggs sliding on season
with a bit of that curry flavor from
these kurudi mm-hmm that's the good
stuff
Chitwan got you Jenny I know thank you
jello shots again oh very good
yeah thank you very much see you bye bye
huh
make sure you guys go follow mark at
simply and knock in the description down
below huge thanks to my buddy mark and
make sure to subscribe to this channel
and click the bell notification button
as well so you don't miss any of these
videos thanks a lot for